#Prologue

The past, present and future, all trapped. Swirling in the incomprehensible pool of liminal space nested deep in the heart of the Plemora. There is no conceptual manifestation of I, as I am many things. The residual fragments of a trillion disjointed thoughts, sown together into a distinct pairing of predictability and chaos. Those who would like to control my unknowable manifest call me the Scribe, like carving a name into a tethered web of abstract ideas; a bloody struggle to wrap the uneasy hands of fate around the denizens of the spiritual plane.

Presiding over this eclectic library of unending vastness offers me many opportunities, I do not scrawl the lines of fate into the unwavering pages of these books... but that doesn't stop me in indulging in their manifest. My fleshy tendrils squirm and slither, reaching every crack and crevice of this esoteric vault of knowledge. To open a book is to reveal ones fate; to allow their past, present and future to flow into existence through my scrying eye. 

One book in particular has aroused my intrigue, a vengeful story stained with the blood of gods, a piece with implications that tear beyond the pages its contained within, breaking the seams of the cover, ripping the binds of the spine. One of the few songs of fate that may even scratch at the uneasy walls of my divine enclosure. I shall open this scroll, I shall unearth the thread of Sawyer Whitlock.

#Chapter I: Rumination

A brief spell of rain pummels the windscreen, each drop melding with the next, creating an organic mesh lasting but a moment on the glass. 

The barrelling river of rain on the road parts for a man's truck; beams from the roadside lampposts establish a cadence of light through the window, exposing the driver's tired face to the prying eyes of passing vehicles. His appearance was a weary one, in recent months his faded presence had become a source of concern for his co-workers. 

Not much instilled worry in the hardworking men and women of the Allegheny, a treacherous oil platform in the gulf of Mexico. People kept their problems to themselves, dredging up your worries on the rig was a sure-fire way to spiral into a whirlpool of despair. After all, they didn't get payed to drown in sorrows, better the ocean if you plan to drown in anything. 

Sawyer is no stranger to the thundering patter of unending rain. His time spent amidst the surrounding darkness of the ocean often left him stunned at the overwhelming force of nature; sometimes he would lean against the safety barriers of the old metal rig, on the precipice of being engulfed by the wrath of the sea. He would toy with a strong numbness, a state of limbo in-between the safety of the rig and the ferocity of the ocean.

As of late his mind had been flooded with fear and dread. As much as he loves his wife Maria and his four year old son Oliver he'd become increasingly paranoid at the state of the world; his family was nested deep within a scarred nation tearing itself apart from the inside. The New Northern Republic, known colloquially as the N.N.R, has been stained with political terror and viscous infighting for the better part of a half century. What was initially a slow burning rage at the heart of the relatively new nation state has become a unstoppable cascade of war and violence, at home and abroad. Discrete and uncompromised brutality, spreading throughout each and every city in the nation; these stochastic acts of terrorism are tethered vaguely by their ravenous and violent nature. But still, they remain unidentified and ultimately disconnected from the political will of the greater populous. 

As he navigates through the dwindling rain and his black truck draws closer to his home, the man's stomach drops. Although he was filled with joy at the thought of seeing his beloved wife and son following months apart, he can't help but feel his heart overflow with worry. A head plagued with anxious paranoia isn't well suited for long bouts of steady faith in the safety of your loved ones; despite the fact that he spoke with his wife just this morning, there was a spot of disquiet that he couldn't shake... and after pulling into the driveway of his family's home, his feelings are somewhat affirmed.

Sawyer is a lanky man, tall and slim, as he stands at the entrance to the drivers side of his truck he notices a eerie silence. His feet drenched from the fading spell of rain, his face adjourned with dark, unkept features; black hair and a scruffy beard distract from his sunken eyes, his face is plastered with tired strains, wrinkles and crevices. Given an objective observer he would appear 30 years his senior, in mind and body. But a glimmer of hope remains in the man's eyes, a pinprick of joy trying it's damnedest to dispel to the ocean of fatigue in his mind. 

The substandard picture of western suburbia, red brick and wide windows. Vines from the overgrown lawn crawl up the edges of the home, nesting it deep within the surrounding gardens. A lone concrete path, padded with flowers, strikes a line through to the entrance of the house. He walks this path. Each step inching his body nearer and nearer. The place appears quite, absent of sound, light, and life.

As his feet clamp on the welcome mat, he rummages through his wet pockets. Searching for his house key with an anxious swiftness.

"Not there, no, no, uh ha." He exclaims as he grasps the keys in his back pocket. The key fits tightly into a lock crafted to suit its nature, a fundamental union of mechanics, one cog spins and the other follows.

Mechanisms of wonder, the product of human artisans, intricate and efficient to the point of concern, if mere mortals can replicate the extraordinary process of complex construction... then when does it stop. 

The door *clicks* as the mechanism releases its grip on the frame, opening the house to all manner of intrusion. It inches open and a wave of warm air washes out between the opening. His face shudders slightly as the mellow air of the house melts away the cold film lining his skin. 

Amidst the bliss of the warming presence of the house his senses are struck with a grotesque smell. A distinctive metallic scent sears at his sinuses, burning a vivid image of blood in his mind. The few short reactionary seconds that he is living through turns to a densely packed labyrinth of thoughts and fears, a thousand splintering realities branching from this moment in time, each one of them dressed in despair. Each one of them ridden with a particular absence, his family. 

Breaking free from his branching web of fear he jumps into immediate action, dashing frantically towards any semblance of life within the quiet house. Lunging violently through the lounge, past the ring of sofas surrounding the television; stumbling across the kitchen, leaving behind a string of family photos on the wall, knocking pots and pans off the bench as he frantically stammers. In his desperation, the man's foot catches on something hard and he falls face-first onto the tile floor. 

Ringing bells and a high pitch whine bounce around Sawyer's skull, as his vision is clouded in a blur and a trail of blood slowly drips down between his eyes. Crimson blood droplets fall longingly, patterning the white tiles with an animated mosaic; the dark red flow branches out into a parasitic tree, liquid tendrils creep towards the hallway door ahead of the dazed father. The strains of blood move to envelop the door and within mere moments of Sawyer's recovery the door itself is ripped backwards by the phantom strength of the parasitic crimson.

The blood curdling yell of a young boy echoes through the ever-extending hallway, accompanied by the ravenous crackling from the blood soaked door tearing through the drywall. Sawyer's mind cannot identify the voice of the child but there is only so many possibilities when such a sound occupies the home of your son. In a frenzy of rage and terror, he musters the energy to rush after the moving door. As he runs, his shoes go from rain soaked to blood soaked, taking long strides through the wake of crimson fluid that seems almost to be alive. 

The door picks up in pace, ripping away faster and faster to compensate for the increasing speed of Sawyer's frantic rush. Running. Panting. Wheezing. With a final burst of speed, he finally begins to inch ever closer towards the door. 

Closer and closer... nearly there.

It halts unexpectedly and with a resounding crash he barrels through the door, splintering the blood stained varnish into a thousand fragments before landing on the ground with a thud. 

Sawyer lays defeated in what used to be his room. A cold mist spews from his mouth as he gasps for air following his weighted collapse, the atmosphere of the room is crisp and cold. His sons pleading screams have vanished, instead replaced with a low droning hum, a sound unlikely to be coming from anything human.

Light from the living room is reaching far down the newly elongated hallway creating a faint cover of brightness over Sawyer's struggling figure. As his eyes acclimate to the darkness of the room his heart grows weary with fear and confusion; what used to be his place of rest has become a habitat for parasitic swaths of organic matter. Strange organisms layered with holes, black as night with red veins tracing their 'bodies', connecting them to one another. Dozens of them inhabit the room from what he can see, some tethered to the roof, others to the walls and floor, all breathing in unison releasing a faint white mist into the room. One can only guess what manure of disease it carries. 

The tar black mounds sport tendrils that trace the breadth of the room, but they all seem to convene somewhere in the centre, amidst the height of darkness. That's where the defeated gasps of a lifeless struggle emanate. 

Atop a throne of vile blight, Sawyer's wife and son lie encased under a web of the sickly organic matter; his wife Maria is lifeless, her eyes grey with the cloudy essence of death, her face inextricably marked with a network of crimson veins clawing around her head like the roots of an oak tree. Lying beside her is his son Oliver, in a struggle to maintain a grasp on the small piece of life he has left. Thrashing left and right, his head struggling back and forth against the pull of the organic casing. A faint white mist is being siphoned from Oliver's mouth and eyes and Sawyer's confusion and fear grows into a cacophony of terror as he bears witness to the seeming culprit of this tragedy.

A craven figure, lanky and rigid, towering over Oliver with a soft yet violent determination. The creature's skin is pitch black and riddled with scabs and cuts, many of them dripping with blood. It's body is completely bare apart from two regal bracelets made from what appears to be gold metal adorning the creature's wrists. 

"Get away from my son!" Sawyer yells in anger and desperation as he struggles to lift himself up from his huddled position on the ground.

The strange figure breaks his siphon with Oliver and turns sharply to look at the broken man. Fear strikes his heart and time slows to a crawl, a charcoal face pierces his soul, rigid and scarred. Skin charred like burnt carrion, the beast's face is absent of any features apart from three gaping chasms, two in place of the eyes and one in place of the mouth. As the creature's eyes lock with Sawyers his head is flooded with a cacophony of sharp whispers telling him of his cryptic fate. 

He knows what he must do, whether or not he is capable is besides the point, he is a father and he must do everything within his power to protect his son. Terror and fear drown at the heels of a paternal impulse. 

Through the force of sheer instinct alone Sawyer lunges with cold eyes and a fiery heart, running at the black figure with violent intent. His head overflowing with the glassy whispers of a thousand blighted souls, he pushes the pain aside for his son. The thud of each step fills the room with life, the floorboards scream with splintered shrieks as the man dashes headfirst into darkness.

Catching the strange creature by surprise, Sawyer wraps his arms around the figure's waist and spear tackles him with all of his weight and rage behind him. Within a flash Sawyer is on top of the frail beast, following a hard fall to the ground he's now wailing on the monster with all of his remaining vigor. Right, left, right, left, right, left... right. Punch after punch like a blood-soaked pendulum, the creature's face caves in a fleshy mess following each strike only to be revived anew within fractions on a second. A miracle right in front of his eyes, an incomprehensible manner of change. But Sawyer is consumed by his rage, the jaws of anger are digging in tight, he will not stop until the beast is dead. 

The battered creature cries out in a blood curdling scream and within an instant Sawyer feels the cold touch of metal sliding gracefully through his chest. A dance with death, sharp pain honed on his heart, a cascade of death flowing through his torso. As his nervous system collapses, Sawyer looks down at his newfound fate

#Chapter II: Revulsion

Writhing in the home of what once was. A torrent of pain and suffering flowing past my body like a rapid of blood and bones. What kind of divine justice is this? A baptism of despair.

As the torrent subsides, Sawyer is left kneeling on the painful and grazed obsidian ground, drenched in the suffocating crimson liquid that was flowing past him like a river of torment. His eyes, plastered by the thick drench, slowly claw themselves open and acclimate to the strange place in which I finds himself. His surroundings are dark and unending, an ocean of blood with a pale horizon; this place is draped in an absence of light bar the radiating red glow crawling its way up from the crimson ocean to the roof of the seemingly infinite abyss.

Sawyer's mind is rushing with confusion, how did he get to this strange place? What is this suffocating feeling of despair resting deep in his soul? What wretched force has brought this upon him?

The island supporting his withering body is small and isolated, a tiny speck of difference in an ocean of the same. Perception of time is an illusive thing on this island; he can’t tell if he's been here for a day, a week, or a month. As he sits,  shaking in utter confusion and obscurity, his state of shock is lifted by the sudden appearance of a tall figure walking on the distant horizon. Slowly approaching the small black-rock atoll, the figure grows and grows in size based on perception only Sawyer presumes… he hopes… he dreads. As it nears him his mind is flooded with fear and warmth in tandem as he gazes upon the unusual creature.

With a tall form carven from soft crimson marble, the creature somewhat mimics the body of a mortal human; from head to toe it’s body engraved with mesmerising lines of symmetry expressing the intricacy of the creature’s manifest. Giant razer sharp horns curve around the back of its rigid, pointed skull and its enormous mouth is lined with numerous whetted teeth.

As the creature’s mouth slowly parts open Sawyer's ears are met with a trembling cacophony of sorrow; the creature bellows, “lost rune of depravity and contempt, the end of your prior existence was plagued with despondence and hopelessness. All that you lost within an instance, we need that burning pain, that concentrated rage. Such unadulterated emotion is a finite resource in the deep province, a valuable commodity in the outsider’s legion.” The crimson being pauses for a moment as if waiting for a reaction.

He struggles to catch his breath, his voice lost in the dark, organic maze of his throat. Trying to heave something coherent out of his mouth, but all that comes out is mumbled confusion.

The entity interjects his pitiful puzzlement,  “I don’t expect your rudimentary, caged mind to comprehend the nature of you situation. Where you are… why you are. Do not worry, such understanding will come with the embalming of your rune.”

The towering entity leans down, its pointed skull approaching Sawyer's terrified, scowling face with a wave of heat emanating from its jaws. “All you have to do is commit to one thing. Revenge.” 

The creature snarls with its final remark.

---

Waiting for a response with baited breath, the devilish figure leans back looming over me once again. I don’t know what to say, what to do. The word revenge rings through a mind like an ensemble of anger, I know there is something my soul craves; whether or not its revenge is beyond my knowledge. But something within compels me to agree, some demented form of acquiescence creeps through my body. I stare up at the creature with a blurry face of mesmerised anguish… and I nod.

_The dominion of the underworld, the so-called Tempter’s Province, a vast union of realms that lie deep within the mantle of planet Earth. Scattered throughout the planet’s innards in random clusters, connected by an invisible yet ever so complex web of celestial thread preordained by the will of the Outsider. Runes entwined in this celestial web are known to be agents of the contingent, a vast synthesis of operatives tasked with ensuring the stability of the Outsider’s desire. But the legion itself is not just one expansive army, no, its a cohesive organism of independent bodies working in tandem to secure the perfect chaos. The reavers are a module of this legion, they are the only sector with the ability to reach beyond the domain of the Outsider. Reavers are entities that share one commonality, a mutual writhing pain, a crevice in their rune smelted by a burning contempt. That shared pain ties them to the mortal world, emboldens their connection to the past allowing them to travel between realms bearing the Outsider’s notch. By virtue of its purpose, the mortal world resting on the Earth’s crust is somewhat divorced from the will of the Outsider. The reavers are the only thread of influence that the Outsider can exact over the mortal planes, the last hope for any intervention in the event of a cataclysmic misdirection._

I can't move and I can't speak, as far as I can tell I'm kneeling down and my entire body is encased within some thick layer of suffocating, mercurial black fluid. What have I agreed to, am I to become a reaver? Is that why those thoughts were rushing through my head like a river of delirium?

I'm not breathing, I haven't been breathing for awhile. Every time I attempt to take a breath of air the dark liquid invades my throat and violently singes my insides; my mind and body are telling me to breath out of some clawing habitual desire... but I don't need to.

My hearing has been utterly numbed by this constant orchestra of despair, it must be coming from whatever has encased my body; like the drowned wailings of countless dying creatures.

After some time and much pain the mysterious fluid releases its grasp from my body and slowly seeps off my flesh. As my head is released from its suffocating bind my vision is returned to me and I am met with an astonishing sight. A grand throne room of incomprehensible scale, miles and miles of cloudy marble flooring layer the vast space, like kneeling on a solid tempest. The grand room is populated with evenly spaced intricate, golden wells with pillars of ethereal dust flowing downwards from identical structures on the ceiling.

The numerous giant wells are interconnected via a grid of deep, thin canals flowing towards a prodigious regal gate embedded with symmetrical, shining adornments. The astonishing gateway is located far in front of me on a far away wall, between the adornments sits a symbol with some sort of abhorrent, fleshy manifest lodged within the gate. An elegant sword like emblem, with sharp and jagged fleshy edges; striking downwards with esoteric iconography. The exact symmetry of the symbol has been distorted by its revolting fleshy make. I wonder what it means? 

As I kneel on the cold marble floor I look down and am struck with disgust at the sight of my deathly, grey skin. Sharp black veins are writhing underneath my skin like some sort of alien parasite lining my arms, legs and torso. My body has been completely sapped of energy, with my limbs holding only the limited capability of mere trembles and lethargic jolts of pain.

After mustering the energy to move my neck I look down and am struck with shock. The grotesque black fluid has formed some strangely complex symbol on the floor in front of my despondent kneeling figure. Glancing around the room I find I'm not alone. Others... all of them kneeling on the cold marble alongside me in a line, all of them with the same disgustingly sombre black veins and pale grey skin. There are three on either side of me, some women and some men, all looking down in despair at the inky black emblems resting on the floor in the front of them. 

The piercing screech of metal scraping slowly across the ground shatters the deafening silence permeating the expanse; the monumental door on the far side of the grand room is slowly prying itself open. That fleshy symbol embedded into the doors intricate design is split in two symmetric halves with the break releasing a revolting squelch. 

A blinding light seeps through the newly present gap in the doorway and overwhelms the room like a blaze of radiance. Standing tall amidst the sea of light is a mechanical monstrosity, a monumental beast made of flesh, bones, and metal. Some sort of sick conjunction, an organic colossus intertwined with frightening, twisted gold alloy.

The dreadful beast begins slowly marching towards us with each lethargic step creating a resounding bang loud enough to shatter glass. It staggers with a sense of mindlessness, like a massive husk of flesh and metal.

Dripping with blood and oil, the creature is made up of various intricate metal components melded with a fleshy body in line with that of a flayed giant. One arm is adorned with a metallic glove boasting the makings of a normal human hand, only with exaggerated scale. The other sports a gleaming talon with golden rods running up the beast's arm to hold the hefty claw in place. It's head is completely obscured by a ominous metal dome with no openings, a lone misshapen amethyst sits embedded on the front of the rounded helmet. Strapped to its back is a large glass vat partly filled with a viscous black fluid.

As the  being gets closer to us it begins moving towards the leftmost prisoner in this despondent line of lost souls. With the grotesque creature towering over her, the women screams in terror on her knees. Her wailings of fear ricochet off the distant walls and send a shiver down my spine.

Within an instant the wailings are snuffed out like a dying flame, the women's head is crushed like a bug under the supreme force of the creature's grasp. Crimson blood seeps through the cracks in the metal glove and as the beast releases its grasp, shards of bone and clumps of flesh fall to the ground in a revolting splat. The women's now deceased body falls limp to the ground in a pool of her own remains.

In unison the line of prisoners erupt into intense disarray with enough screaming, pleading and desperation to fill a stadium.

Before moving on from the now deceased women, the creature halts for a moment allowing the mercurial black fluid that formed her symbol to break apart, climbing the creatures legs and torso before sliding into the glass vat on it's back from a small entrance in the top.

I kneel quietly, in utter shock at what just happened. A tightness grips my throat as if my body is telling me I'm about to die, I'm becoming much to familiar with this feeling. Why were we brought here just to be slaughtered like cattle, it doesn't make any sense.

One by one the screams of my fellow prisoners are silenced with swift brutality. A collective pool of blood crawls towards me, flowing past my kneeling figure and engulfing the marble tempest floor. The flood of crimson despair inches around the black symbol on the floor in front of me, the black fluid forming the symbol shows a slight reaction to the blood with miniscule tendrils reaching out from the edges of the symbol to seemingly analyse the new presence. 

Before I have the wherewithal to conceptualise my fate in the presence of this tenebrous beast, I look up and find it towering over my shivering husk of a body. The creature seems enthralled by the emblem constructed at my knees, with its glass dome tilted downwards, the embedded amethyst reverberates with a cloudy flare. 

As the rest of the grand room is writhing in collective desperation, the gem on the creatures metal skull produces a lone, calming ding. The beast takes a step back and allows my dark symbol to fragment and seep into the glass vat, not unlike the other symbols of my now deceased fellow prisoners.

In quiet desperation I remain kneeling... me, Sawyer Whitlock, anticipating death once again. At this point my life has been played back to me so many times I think the proverbial tape is degrading. I close my eyes and accept my fate.

Returned to reality with the cold touch of blood. The left side of my face and body is painted with the organic mush of the prisoner to my right. I'm not dead... why was I spared? With daring succession the creature executes the remaining prisoners and returns their emblematic black fluid to the glass vat on his back. 

"Why me!" I say with a faint and damaged yell. "Why did they have to die, and why didn't I?" I plead to the creature with an equal intensity of desperation for the reprieve of death and the yearning for life.

The revolting flesh beast ignores my wailings and picks my thrall-like body up with his gleaming metal hand. It carries my body with a sensitivity that seems oxymoronic to the creature's essence; I'm too weak to fight back, only capable of accepting my seemingly preordained fate.

Through the grand room we march, giant footsteps creating a resounding thud with each step, leaving a trail of crimson blood imprints on the tempest marble floor. Inching closer and closer to the monumental door, agar with blinding light pouring through its opening. As we pass into the doors entrance I feel my body enveloped with a burning warmth, like a million tiny fires raging across my bare skin; it burns with the same tender rage as a hot shower during a icy winter morning. Further engulfed by the smoldering radiance, my eyes grow heavy and I begin to slip out of my frenzied panic and into a reluctant slumber.

#Chapter III: Regnum

The still hallways of the Topaz Court were very seldom graced with the presence of vitality, particularly unusual it was for one of the blighted to be dragged through the eclectic twists and turns of the withering castle. Thy Tempter's own flesh tended to the needs of the castle, yet thy Tempter's own will was to keep the castle barren and ghastly; the beautiful intricacy of its golden manifest won't ever grace the denizens of the blighted lands that the palace shadows. Even the towering beasts that spend their days wandering the surrounding barren wastes will only ever graze the gleaming architecture of the castle. 

