Tick tock...tick tock...tick tock. The methodical ticking of the clock would usually provide Franz Briar with a sense of relaxation. Yet tonight something was different. His skin crawled in irritation at the quiet formality of the sounds around him. The mattress of his old double bed tugged at his lying body. As the clock on the wall struck midnight, for no proper reason, Briar felt his heart sink. The unwavering presence of something evil in his room was suffocating and fear was pinning him in place.

A devilish growl abruptly reverberated around the room, piercing the sanctity of Briar’s eardrums. He screams in absolute agony as two meaty tendrils crawl up the side of his bed. Frozen with terror, Briar watches in horror as one of the tendrils thrust into his stomach like a plow cultivating wheat. Pain. So much pain. Indescribable pain.

Too weak to resist Briar is yanked violently onto the unrelieved carpet, changing its hue with a crimson red torrent of human innards. Briar is disheartened at the absence of any white light. As his life flashes before his eyes, he sees it. He sees what he did. He sees what he regrets. He sees the affliction that layers his soul. His final breath murmurs, “I’m sorry.” As his eyesight fades, he sees the tendrils retreat under the bed, leaving two yellow eyes sinking into the darkness. The man’s eyes close as he readies himself for a chasmic fall to the depths of hell.

The blaring white noise of the rugged television resting in the centre of a dusty room is abruptly interrupted… by the voice of a reporter. An aged man sits and listens to the drowning noise of the morning news. The lounge is a mess. Three dark brown sofas rest in the centre of the room facing the tv. Stacks of books arranged like skyscrapers clawing at the roof only further accentuate the disorder of the room.

The only source of light in the room comes from a single gas lantern sitting on an old Victorian coffee table. A lighthouse burning on the edge of a dark and lonely ocean. As the man shuts off the television, he is struck with a feeling of isolation. The intense craving for human interaction rears its ugly head as the reporter's voice fades. He is back. Stuck with his thoughts. A deep bayou of fear. “I have to go,” the man murmurs to himself. “I have nothing here.”

A lonely open road. Deep cracks through the thick black asphalt like trenches in the darkest depths of the ocean. Faster. An old red car long past its prime drives atop the asphalt fast like blood sliding through cracks on the pavement. The road is isolated; stuck between two everlasting blurs of bright yellow sand. No life for hundreds of miles. Nothing but a man and the scattered fragments of his past. Broken glass with a lineage suffocated by the searing sand.

A town of ghosts. The desolate streets of what once was a sprawling suburban neighbourhood elicit nothing but a feeling of trepidation. A lone newspaper strolls across the road; carried by the gentle breeze that has beset this town. The outright absence of noise is something that the man has grown accustomed to. Filling it with imitations of that which is long gone. The joyous laughs of children playing in the yard. The frustrated murmurs of a man tinkering in the garage. The droning noise of passing cars. The friendly conversation on the family phone. The shuffling sound of the orange autumn leaves drifting down onto the pavement.

A forest of stones. Endless droves of systematically placed gravestones. The value of human life reduced to the same standards as a box in a production facility. The man stands rigid. He holds a white lily in his grasp as he looms over a single gravestone. The rustic bronze plaque reads a name, William Briar. “Dad… I’m sorry. “The man stares up at the murky sky, “We couldn't stop them.” As the white lily gracefully floats towards the foot of the gravestone the man turns to leave. “Everyone is dead,” he closes his eyes and lowers his head towards the ground. “It’s only a matter of time… before I’m dead too. “As the man drifts away further and further from the broken gravestone a white lily is left drowning in a sea of forgotten names.

A wisp of light. The lucent red and blue neon sign invites the man to a deserted motel. Sleep is one of the few activities that the man has the privilege of savouring in this cruel husk of a world. His red car pulls into the abandoned motel. The row of rooms provides the man with a choice, yet only one happens to have a key in its lock. Room four. Stepping into the room, the man is met with a dominant feeling of suppression brought on by the dark red walls. He collapses onto the soft bed; ready to drift off into a deep sleep and forget about all that has happened. The man can’t help but focus on the white clock resting on the wall. Tick tock...tick tock...tick tock. The methodical ticking of the clock would usually provide Franz Briar with a sense of relaxation. Yet tonight something was different.
