#Chapter I: In the Blink of an Eye

_Humanity’s natural obsession with death is perplexing, It’s understandable but unnecessary. The fate of every living organism on earth is at the mercy of the Outsider, infinite and endless, his grasp extends beyond the boundaries of time and space holding a knife to the throat of all who abide by the whims of mortality. Some of them try their damnedest to control what they don’t understand but their efforts afford them no mercy in the afterlife. The Outsider has no time to consider inequity as a ruling factor for the fate of a person’s life, it is much too vague. Futile construction of order in morality such as the Seven Deadly Sins or the Three Poisons provides nothing of importance to the forces that govern the realms of existence beyond reality. They are merely constructs that serve human control and order, they mean nothing outside the boundaries of your ‘great’ cities. Flowing, pulled down like a torrent of runes. Here comes another one, right into the Sea of Solace, a man who took his own life. These ones put the Grim Reaper out of work. Off he goes... to the Hospital of Stars._

A branch ripped from the tree of reality, left to drift through the torrent of dreadful reverie; falling through a black, endless void, surrounded and suffocated by an acute miasma of guilt and fear brought to life through inexhaustible darkness. Help. Please… someone pull me from this nightmare.

I cannot see my arms. I cannot see my legs. I cannot see anything. My senses have been dulled by the persistent nothingness, yet I can still feel enough to know I am not dead. Something is glissading across my skin, enveloping my body. An unknown matter, indistinguishable, something in-between a liquid and a solid, changing viscosity as it crawls down my skin.

The droning eerie wailing of countless dying whales aimlessly rings from all directions creating an inordinate sense of unease. Like an orchestra of death, the draining crescendo follows me. Falling. Endlessly falling through mysterious darkness. What have I done?

I try to yell and I try to squirm but this black matter is sapping the life from me. I have been left on the cusp of death, standing at the gates to purgatory but the path is locked shut, key and chain.

How long have I been falling? My recognition of time has long been lost. I do not know how long I have been senselessly drifting and I’ve lost hope that I’ll ever know. This isn’t what I expected of death. I wanted to feel nothing, yet instead, I am feeling unexplainable sensations that can only be described as something beyond reality.

My story was meant to end. My life is meant to be over but somehow, I’ve managed to create a new life inebriated with dread and hopelessness. Is this what being dead is. Is the light at the end of the tunnel just darkness veiled by light; perhaps hell is thinking that you’re going to heaven only to be tricked into walking into self-inflicted eternal damnation.

My monotonous and painful voyage through the uncomfortable depths of reverie is swiftly interrupted by a sensation of immense pressure. The black muck that surrounds me is beginning to crush my body.  I feel a painful reaction to the sudden and unexpected nature of the dark mire that I’ve been endlessly ripping through. A reaction made seemingly less painful by the euphoria granted by any semblance of change. The presence of any capacity of difference reminds me that I’m still alive. The burden of the compressing darkness is getting worse and worse. I can feel the tension in my body, ready to fracture at any second.

_The Sea Of Solace. A gateway to the afterlife. Countless runes drift through the great black sea to land themselves in the depths of the Outsider’s sovereignty. It is a truly marvellous construct, built by the Celestial Artisans of our glorious and tenebrous realm. They tirelessly slaved over countless millennia to create an ocean of black matter capable of draining the life-force from all runes who drown in its depths. Solace. Some organisms find ethereal reprieve in letting go of their life… others find it irreversibly damaging. Not all who lose their life are prepared to have it ripped from their rune, especially not those who lose it earlier. The realm of the afterlife sustains itself with the indemnities of the living, an unwavering debt that claws at the heart of humanity. The constant cycle in the clockwork of reality that draws a connection between all five realms; from the Vault of Heaven to the Tempter’s Province, all life flows like blood through veins. Creation and destruction. For mortal life to be recreated it must first be filtered through the Sea of Solace. A necessity for the function of reality._

This is it… this nightmare is finally over. I can die now. As I brace for the release of death, my body breaks through the aphotic, suffocating mire and begins falling. Not through black muck but through thin air.

I scream at the top of my lungs as my tired body pierces through the air like a bullet. How many times will I wander the cliff of death? How many times will I suffer before I can rest in nonexistence? As my body nears the ground my fall is abruptly halted by some strange force of levitation. Like an arm caressing a baby, I am carefully placed on the ground. Where am I now?

Collapsing in the sand, my body is overwhelmed with exhaustion. The desert pulls me closer and cradles me like a child. As I break into tears my sobbing echoes deeply around me creating a soundscape of sadness. I feel hollow and empty like the essence of my soul has been ripped from me… stolen from me. I can’t help it. I pick myself up and am in complete awe with what I see.

A vast  desert of lightly illuminated black sand surrounds me in every direction. The light comes from underground. Each minuscule fragment of light has clawed its way upwards from the compulsion of a million black specs forming thousands of tiny pathways of glowing luminescence peering from the sand and creating a searing glaze of white light along the expanse of the desert. Above me is the black sea where I fell from, suspended by some unknown force. If anything, I’m glad to be free from the grasp of that mire. Like the black sea above it this desert seems endless. As far as I know it could go on forever.

Amongst the shade of light that rests on the desert floor I can see a figure standing in the distance. Straggling along the sand, tired and weary.

I yell out to the distant figure, “Hey! Over here.” My voice is lost in the darkness and I fail to get a response.

Wading through the light infused sand, I continue to call out as I move gradually closer to the slender figure. “Are you okay? What’s your name?” Again, no response.

As I come within feet of the strange shape it is revealed by the light to be a man. An old man. Deep wrinkles mark his droopy face and shaded rimless reading glasses veil his eyes. His long neck is bent forward, tired and ready to give, while his slender figure is held up by the support of a long cane dug deep in the sand. He is wearing a grey striped polo with black dress pants… or maybe they aren’t black. Everything in this desert seems to be a shade of darkness, even his wrinkly skin.

“Hello there,” he says in a hoarse yet somewhat calming voice. “I didn’t really understand all that yelling… I’m hard of hearing ya see.” The old man slowly reaches out and pokes my arm.

I instinctively jerk away. "Sorry son, just making sure you ain't one of them tricks of the mind," he says in a concerned tone.

"It's okay, I'm just on edge down here." I look up at the dark expanse above us.

"I hear ya, this place ain't what I expected of hell. But boy, I'd be lying if I said it didn't seem comfy when the alternative is fire and brimstone." The old man reaches down and picks up a clump of black sand, letting it drain through his fingers as he stares at his hand.

“You think we’re in hell?”

The old man looks up from his hand, “in my life I’ve known of two places we go after we die and this sure doesn't look or feel like heaven.” He then looks back down at his hand, “I know I’ve done some real bad stuff, heaven is no place for a broken man like me.”

I’ve never been religious, or at least I wasn’t when I was ‘alive’. The thought of any level of existence beyond the life we are given at birth wasn’t something I considered was possible. Of course, I could never know that for sure… it just felt like all commentary on the afterlife was based on fear and speculation founded on some thirst for control over fate. They can’t send you to hell if you lived your life thinking you’re going to heaven, that wouldn’t be ‘right’. But I don’t think this is hell, definitely not the traditional representation of the burning underworld. Sure, it feels sickening, confusing, and draining, but it carries an eerie sense of solemnity and remission. Just as the old man says, a strange alternative to fire and brimstone.

After a pause of uncomfortable silence the old man speaks up again. “In all this strangeness I almost forgot to introduce myself,” the man carries a sense of pride as he states his name, “I am Harper Atkinson, retired in life and now in death it seems.”

“I would say it’s nice to meet you Harper, but I can’t distinguish what feels ‘nice’ in this desert,” I say as I look into his shaded glasses.

“That’s alright, what’s important is finding a way out of this desert… after you tell me your name of course.”

I don’t want to tell him my real name. Any reminder of my life above this strange desert is something I would like to avoid.

“Call me Lee,” I say in a friendly tone.

“Lee _who_,” the old man replies.

“Just Lee.”

“Well then… Lee, how about we start moving, from the looks of it we’ve got a long way to go.” Harper turns around and gestures his cane towards the dark expanse of the desert.

“What is it that you think we are going to find in this hellscape,” I say while staring at the back of his head.

Harper turns his head to look me in the eyes as my gaze meets his black spectacles. “I can’t deal with all this standing around, if we’re going to get anywhere in this strange and otherworldly Sahara it ain’t gonna be achieved from sitting still,” he says as he jolts his head back and begins walking. “We've gotta do something… Or I might _really_ lose my mind.”

Walking… walking… walking… walking. A timeless dredge through the glistening sand, dragging my feet along like luggage. We could have been walking for days or we could have been walking for years, that is something that neither me nor Harper can discern. The stubborn old man has a silver watch on his wrist, but it seems that it’s knowledge of time was lost when it crossed over to this strange land.

I took it for granted, the congruence of time and reality, now that it’s gone, I find myself deriding this carousel of gloom. As it spins perpetually, Harper and I are subjected to the scrutinizing opprobrium of the cryptic murk above us. I can feel something watching me… clawing deep within me. Digging through my soul analysing all its cracks and dents like a fossil.

Suddenly Harper points up into the darkness, “What was that? Something just flew past!”

“What?” I say puzzled, caught off guard by his sudden shouting. “Did you see what it was?”

Before Harper has a chance to respond a powerful gust of wind pushes us back and the sand below our feet is flung into a ravaging sandstorm of light. I can’t see anything. My vision is blocked by the consistent pummelling of black sand on my face. Luckily, I can feel the upsurge beginning to calm. As the glistening dust settles into a smooth black carpet on the desert floor, what created the disturbance is made clear.

Towering over our insolent presence is a creature made from the fabric of uncanny reverie. A Colossal clockwork owl stands before us, built from brass steel that shines bright from the light below. With a rigid exterior made from stiff metal, gaps in its shell reveal the amalgamation of thousands of moving components; all shifting and turning to keep this tremendous alloy creature alive. Both of us are at awe with what stands before us. Unable to react, as if our minds are still processing what has landed at our feet.

Without hesitation the owl’s glass optics focus on me as they begin to glow with red light. The light gradually becomes more and more powerful until a sudden flash of vivid luminescence is burnt into my retinas. Everything turns to darkness as I fall into the soft, black desert.

_The Sands of Solemnity. A plane of existence categorised by the absence of time and emergence of light. Countless runes have wandered the desert and countless runes will continue to wander it; so long as the afterlife exists, the great Sands of Solemnity will be a necessity in its success. So many runes unknowingly seek entry into the districts of the underworld where they can subsist for an eternity under the watchful eye of the Outsider. Though no structure is free from the influence of feudalism, not even the afterlife. Each individual rune is judged in the Sands of Solemnity. Every detail of their past life is brutally scrutinized by the Ardent Owl as they aimlessly wander the black sands. The Owl’s final judgment will determine their fate in the districts of the afterlife. Convalescence. Some runes with untapped potential get sent to the Hospital of Stars where they have the chance to rewrite their own history and procure a more favourable position in the districts. To the dwellers of the afterlife these sorry runes are known as Proteans. The chance to rise above your fate… how lucky._

As I wake from my period of unconsciousness, I come to the realisation that I am somewhere else. I no longer feel the emphatic absence of time that plagued that augean desert. I could move and I could talk, but it all felt like a fever dream stuck in time. All the organs in my body had stopped functioning, like a walking husk clinging onto the tiny piece of life it had left. But now I feel alive again, I’ve crossed over twice.

Where am I now? I am standing in the center of some sort of floating structure built from ancient grey stone. A bridge. As I look around, I no longer see a dark void, rather, I am surrounded by an endless stretch of bright stars and prismatic nebulae. It is like I was dragged from that dark wasteland and thrown into a painter’s abstract and colourful rendition of space itself; a stark change of scenery when compared to the black desert and the suffocating mire. I wonder what happened to Harper.

The bridge is long, and it leads to a colossal floating island, suspended amidst the nebulae of this great expanse. The island serves as the foundation for a giant building unlike anything I have ever seen. It’s walls reach high into the great expanse of space and its windows vacillate like the surface of the ocean; the surrounding trees have trunks made of ancient stone engraved with beautiful patterns and leaves made of gemstones. At the point where the island and bridge meet there is a gate with bars that shine with a wonderful ray of luminous light, like poles of raw concentrated energy.

My journey into the building is a blur. It felt like it happened instantaneously. The fabric of time here feels different somehow, like moments that should last minutes take mere seconds to conclude.

I am now sitting in a rigid chair made of stone. This room has black walls with white stars moving back and forth along them. In front of me stands a strange figure shaped like a human but far from one. Its body is covered by a black and white tuxedo with white gloves and black shoes but it’s head is very much exposed. I do not know how to explain it. It’s head is like a glass fishbowl filled with the same colourful nebulae that layered the great expanse outside.

“Hello there lost rune. Your life has been filled with hardship and complications… I know. The Hospital of Stars is here to give you the opportunity to fix yourself and realise your immense calculated potential. The Ardent Owl tells no lies. You will be free to live your new life in the afterlife as soon as you reconcile with your old one. I have the utmost faith in your successful venture back to the mortal world and I will be here when you wake. Make the Outsider proud, fix yourself.”

The strange creature reaches out and touches my forehead with his index finger. As I fall into a celestial slumber, I see my life flash before my eyes… it won’t stop flashing.
#Chapter II: A Whole New World

#Chapter III: Cracks in the Pavement
