_Winter leaves a suffocating veil of cold snow over the town of Barnes. The tightly knit community of this icy paradise revel in the normalcy of day to day life, and the gratifying aspects of a simple existence. A town such as this seems far removed from the grasp of remorseless inhumanity; though unfortunately, what ‘seems to be’ is often eroded by the ruthless truth of the universe. No one but god could have known of the plans that festered deep in Dane Ackerman’s mind. No one but that poor family could bear the brunt of his stone-hearted actions, and no one but this community could grieve in solidarity for the tragedy that took place on the frigid evening of November 10th._

Wretched men in blue who flood me with languish. Those who confine me in a concrete prison and drag my ego through the cold unforgiving scrutiny of the populace; they lie, defraud, mislead and delude, whilst reaching far with their slimy grasps, and connecting dots that have no business being in conjunction. The world around me has frozen in response to these accusations, yet I sit here waiting for the pendulum of justice to heave itself towards the truth. Then, and only then, shall I have my deserved reprieve. Soon the collective of sentient meat will be nought but apologetic. I didn’t kill those kids, and November tenth is a gap in my memory; how could I take someone’s life and not remember taking it?

The creak of the metal door is akin to scratching a giant chalkboard with a thousand metal forks. The rash detective dressed sharp, yet looking as mercurial as ever, strides into my concrete hell. His sleepless eyes convey a feeling of anger and an overt craving for this nightmare to conclude. I’m afraid he will have to wait.

“Your two counts of first-degree murder will grant a minimum sentence of 40 years in federal prison, and a maximum sentence of 50 years served. This will be served with no possibility of parole.”

I remain still and silent, whilst being very particular in my manner. The bombardment of accusations feels like soft shrapnel compared to what this town has besieged me with.

“Give up the tranquil front Mr Ackerman… It’s damned pathetic. We have security footage, forensics placing your DNA at and around the crime scene, and an abundance of eyewitness testimony ready to put their life on the fact that you murdered these poor boys!” The detective takes a deep, sorrowful breath, “The evidence against you is exhaustive, yet your stubborn reputation precedes you. We know you won’t stop remonstrating even after you are locked up... but pleading guilty will make this easier for everyone, including you.”

It's almost sad that he thinks he can berate me into making his life easier. My indistinct gaze pierces his eyes and wrangles his soul. Grabbing his mind by the throat as the room hinges on my next word. I have but one word to say to this sad, misguided scoundrel.

“Lawyer.”

Mirrors are wistful, and their ability to mimic the visual aspect of our reality makes me ponder. To think that our conscious perception of reality is based on nothing but sensory impulses puts into question what's fact and what's fiction. The serendipity of human evolution highlights the futility of finding any divine meaning to justify your actions. Similar to how this very detailed mirror highlights the bloated bags under my eyes, and the profound longing in my deep chasmic iris. Does my life now entail nothing more than cold grey walls?

In the room three men sit on the edge of their seats. I, the fourth man, sit comfortably in my numbing metal handcuffs. To my left is Barry T. Oltman, an affordable defence attorney with a certain lack of wit and tact. Slouching in front of me are two men in sly suits who, at this point, are more than fed up with this charade.

“The evidence levied against your client is as serious as it gets. It’s an indefensible case.” The detective breaks a slight smirk, “I think you know how this is gonna play out.”

Barry’s lethargic expression doesn’t bode well for my confidence. It almost looks as if he is yawning when he opens his cavernous mouth to speak.

“Listen, I never said I didn’t know what I’m dealing with.” He pauses to catch his breath, “I know what this looks like ok… I’m just asking for a fair compromise to make everyone's life a little bit easier. My client doesn’t even have any recollection of the murder, that must count for something.”

The detective's slight smirk fades into visible frustration. “The audacity you have Oltman, to drag this gratuitous ordeal on for the family who've lost two sons. All to grant a more favourable sentence to a depraved murderer.”

The other detective raises his voice, “We won’t negotiate with you, the court will smother this man in justice. This case is indefensible, and so is your client's character.”

The essence of this town has been suffocated by frigid snow since it was conceived. Like a ship lost at sea it vacillates back and forth constantly through the rigid torrent of biting ice. A drop of blood in an ocean of white snow; the citizens, like sharks, frothing at the mouth for a taste of difference in this land of same old same old. How are they not aware? I didn’t kill anyone… not a soul.

White marble stairs ascend to my unforgiving judgement. A life repudiated by the town of Barnes, and scrupulously denied by the authority of law. We collectively give the immense power of absolute control to our government in order to secure a societal structure, yet as citizens our fate is still predetermined by the powers that be. I'm not blind. In all fairness, overwhelming evidence junctions at my name, and I would be disingenuous if I lied and said that I’m logically innocent. Despite that, I still know in my _alleged_ cold heart that I didn’t kill them. I can’t have. If I did something so despotic then I am adamant I’d remember it. My mind is obfuscated with a figurative tug of war between what I know and what I don’t. I have crossed the Rubicon of despair and as I look behind me I see everything I’ve touched falling into darkness.

The tension in the air of the courthouse is thick and suffocating. I can feel the beady eyes of everyone in the room staring at me like I’m a spectacle of otherworldly disgust. As the judge speaks and the testimonies are given my eyes stay set on the ground. I know full well that my fate is in the hands of a jury that wants to see me hanged, or by the look of their expressions, stabbed to death by a thousand knives. Too exhausted to speak, I can only assume my cold silence is taken as capitulation.

“Dane Ackerman, you are hereby found guilty of two counts of first-degree murder and sentenced to 50 years in federal jail…with no possibility of parole.” The Judge bellows in a voice infatuated with anger and discontent.

Much of the proceedings were a blur to me as I slowly began to lose my mind. Though, I will never forget the raw hatred in the judge’s voice when he handed down my sentencing on a rotting platter. My guilt has been decided in both the court of law and public opinion, but If I am unable to make a genuine concession of guilt to myself, I will tear my mind in half scrounging through my own jagged reality.

“Dane Ackerman!” The warden bellows, dropping a bowl filled to the brim with grey slop on the cold concrete floor of my cell as he strolls past. “Enjoy supper… you degenerate,” As the warden walks out of sight I look down at the sad excuse for a meal oozing between the cracks in the floor.

_A faceless demon standing in solidarity and darkness. Tall like a lamppost, towering over all that are cursed with its presence, whilst staring down with a terrifying and uncanny expression. Its bare body is charred black and red, while crimson scabs layer its torso dripping with dark blood. The face of a mannequin with an absence of features. No ears, no nose, no hair, no brows, no teeth, and no eyes. In the place of this creature’s eyes and mouth sit deep black holes. Like caves in its face these holes covet human willpower and will suck it dry if given the chance. An artisan of guilt and a giver of savagery._

The cell of my confinement is like any other, frigid and uncomfortable with a muted blue tint in the air. The thick metal prison bars are more than just a physical obfuscation of freedom; they are a mental barrier that exists only to obstruct my path to the return to normalcy that I covet. From a distance I must seem incredulous but if only they could see what I see. Then maybe, just maybe, I could be acquitted of my convictions. Whatever happened to me was not natural I’m sure of it.

A disgruntled and broken man sits on the edge of his stone slab bed. With messy hair and bloodshot eyes he remains vigilant and awake, staring at the blank concrete wall as he fights the urge to pass out. The expression on his face is that of a pale corpse. A husk filled with deep regret and utter confusion. Something much more than social isolation in a concrete cell; the man has been relegated to his own mind and he is completely unwilling to come to terms with his fate. As time passes through the cold night of this tenebrous cell the man’s gaze does not move from it’s fixed position in front of his bed. Rather, his expression changes progressively from a blank gaze to a terrified stare. The man’s expression is now that of pure, unadulterated dread. The kind of fear that only those on death's door can brandish. The sanctimony that once plagued the man’s mind has now drained out of his brain, fallen down his face alongside his tears and landed in a sad puddle on the floor.

This... is _the paragon of guilt_. Not someone that is genuinely guilty, but someone who has accepted their guilt and let it turn them delirious. What Dane Ackerman doesn’t understand is that most demons take fearful compliance as acquiescence.